hidden deep in the middle of the sixth shelf labeled "D" on the fifth floor of the underground library of Alexandria, which sadly did not at all stand in alexandria, there is a book. A rather underwhelming looking book. It is black and has the size of a notebook one could easily lose, and on the back in grey letters there stood: "On language and power by Mathias Kron". Of course there were numerous other books in this shelf some much more interesting looking, thicker, taller, some with spines embroidered with the most beautiful of patterns. Some of them discussing the existence of parallel universes, others about the weird beasts found in a small valley in Oregon, others again painting out machines that produce energy by harnessing the earth as an electromagnet. But don't judge a book by its cover, "On language and power" was a fantastic read, and in my long years i haven't seen anyone not completely changed after reading it. 

"Uncle", a voice woke me from my slumber and i woke up to a freckled face leaning over my head and blocking the warm afternoon sun from blinding me, holding the hat that had fulfilled this role just before, "i know you're an old man, that needs the rest, but we gotta go home. Cassie is not gonna like us being gone for so long". I knew that Cassie did not care for our whereabouts as long as we made it in time for Dinner, but I myself felt energised from my sleep and so I started sprinting as fast as i could, leaving behind the apple tree grove and my dumbfounded nephew, yelling to him that he had to do the dishes if he came home after me. 

Cassandra Mendrickson was a short, blonde Woman, and often described as the best wife one could ever find. Whenever she and her husband had friends or relatives over, they left with a weird feeling of guilt for not being so lighthearted and kind, they left with the bitterness you feel when you see your ex moving on, in short they were jealous, the women of the lightheartedness and kindness and the men because she was already taken. in younger years Cassandra laughed a lot and every second of laughter showed on her face whenever she laughed now. These times, being over for more than 30 years have left their mark in form of laughter lines in her face. All of this went through my head, again and again whenever i saw her, whenever i embraced her in any way and again when she awaited us at the garden door after my nephew yelled "Cassie" as loud as he could. Having built up a good three seconds of advantage over me, my nephew insisted i do the dishes to which i, with a smirk looking at my wife, replied that this was his loss. 